# bdgptk
Big Dice Games' Plotter Toolkit

By Dave LeCompte

A toolkit for drawing plotter (especially generative) drawings
(especially on plotters like the Evil Mad Scientist AxiDraw).

Designed for Python 3.

## background context

When I was a kid, I saw an exhibit at the Boston Computer Museum where
Harold Cohen's "Aaron" project was on display. As I recall, there was
a flatbed plotter on the floor, maybe three feet by four feet, maybe
bigger. This plotter was being driven by a computer, drawing a scene
of people frolicking amongst a bushy woodland scene. And the amazing
thing to me, was that this was a completely novel drawing, being
generated by the computer.

I also grew up watching the "Drawing Hand" animations on Sesame
Street, where you saw a disembodied hand draw lines and eventually a
scene formed. Fun fact, these animations were made by (somebody)
Savage, the father of Adam Savage, who fans of Mythbusters will
recognize.

## Genuary 2021

In January 2021, we had all had way too much of the year 2020, and I
had just bought an AxiDraw MiniKit2, so I wanted to draw something
interesting. Previously, I had bought a few other AxiDraws, and a few
Super Awesome Sylvia WaterColorBots. But the MiniKit2 was small enough
to fit in my workspace (if I moved my keyboard away), so it captured
me in a way that the other drawbots did not. So, small plug for the
reader - maybe check out an AxiDraw. I'm not compensated, I just have
enjoyed the experience.

On Twitter, under the plottertwitter hashtag, people were sharing
interesting drawings that they were making, including postcards, which
was a perfect scope for what I wanted to do - small drawings, that
would take an hour or two to code up, and a few minutes to draw.

January 2021 was christened "Genuary 2021", and there was a series of
daily prompts. I dove in to these prompts, and completed most of them
on time, and some of them I did a couple runs at, because they were
inspirational beyond what my first read led me to implement.

I ended up reusing code (don't repeat yourself!) and collecting it
into a "Shared" directory. This started with vector math, but grew to
handle other stuff, including drawing text. (Seems like, whatever
environment I'm in, I re-implement text drawing, including word
wrap. I'm getting rather efficient at it.)

As I write this, it's April, "Genuary 2021" has been complete for
months, and I continue to point back at that "Shared" directory. Time
for something more structured, and possibly useful for somebody else.


## Folder Structure

TBD

## Installation

TBD

## Your First Plot

TBD

## TODO

So many things. The above, at a minimum.
